hsm: Overhaul Ledger Support doc (#241)
oasislabs/docs: src/hsm/ledger.md

# Ledger Support

> [Ledger] is a popular HSM platform that is supported on the Oasis Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Ledger] is a popular hardware wallet that is supported on the Oasis Network.
```

## Prerequisites

Before following this guide, make sure you've followed the [Operator Docs'
Prerequisites Guide] to install the `oasis-node` binary.

## Installation

To use the Oasis Ledger App, install it via [Ledger Live]'s Manager.
You will have to set developer mode to _on_ in order to find it.

::: warning NOTE
The [Oasis Ledger App] will not be available for installation via Ledger Live's
Manager until after it has been approved by Ledger.
:::

Once installed, the application will use the generated mnemonic stored on the

> Ledger device to generate a pair of private & public keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ledger device to generate a pair of private and public keys.
```
